In this argument, the arguer conclude that to improve highway safety, Prunty County should instead undertake the same kind of road improvement project that Butler County completed five years ago. to bolster this conclusion, the argument point out that by lowered Prunty County speed limit still failed in imporve safety,In addition, the arguer set Butler County as a typical example to support increasing lan widths, resurfacing rough highways can lower the accidents percent. However, the there all do not compose a logical agrument, in favour of it's conclusion, and failed to provide more convincing support making this argument reasonable and invunlnerable.

First, the arguer try to establish the realationship between Prunty County lowered its speed limit and the number of accidents has not decreased, many drivers are exceeding the speed limit. Maybe the reason accidents has not decreased is not because lowered its speed limit, maybe it's because the season which lots of people travel here, so made this county more cars and more people, so the more people have, the more accidents increased, and also a survey indicate that lots of accidents people are not native residents. Lacking evidence that link accidentshas not decreased to lowered county speed limit, it is preposterous to suggest lowered speed limit did not work as the effect it should to decrease accidents.

Secondly, the arguer's recommandation relies on what might be a poor analogy between Butler County and Prunty County. the analogy falsely depends on the assumption that both Butler and Prunty is similar. Maybe the Butler County preious highways is rough and the lane is not so widths, so inconvinence for cars, and the Prunty is different, the quality of road in Prunty is good, so the cars accidentsget high is because the driver drive the car in this smooth road too easy and too fast so that the accidents happend. In short, without accounting for this possible different between Prunty County and Butler County, the aruger cannot prove that Prunty County will reap the same benefits from the proposed methods.

Thirdly, even if the Prunty and Butler is same, the arguer claims that it was five years ago, this assumption is unwarranted because things rarely remain the same over the extend period of time. maybe after five years the cars are more and more fewer than now, people rarely drive cars on highways and they perfer to take the subway which build recent. Or maybe the automatic driving technology is getting better, and people won't drive the car by themself, and the automatic driving system can drive on the road no mater how bad the quality it is. Any of these scenarios, if true, would serve to undermine the conclusion.

Fouthly, even arguer's arugment above are all correct, the arguer point out that the Butler County were 25 percent fewer accidents in this past year than  there were five years ago. the number 25 percent may not be a big number, maybe the car number in Butler County is very few, so the 25 percent decrease maybe just few cars, and Prunty County have lots of cars, if so, even if the Prunty County do the same method as aruger suggest, it won't be decreased significally.

To sum up, the arguer fails to substantiate his claim that Prunty County do the same method as Prunty County did can imporve the highway safety of Prunty County, because the evidence cited does not lend strong support to what the arguer maintains. To make the argument more convincing, the arguer would have to provide more infomation with regard to the difference and same between Prunty and Butler, the exactly number of 25 percent decrease in Butler County etc... if so, will make the arguer's conclusion more logical and reasonable.
