In this argument, the editor conclude that a recent study of eighteen rhesus monkeys provides clues as to the effects of birth order on an individual's levels of stimulation. to bolster this conclusion, the editor indicates that stimulating situations such as an encounter with an unfamiliar monkey, firstborn infant produce up to twice as much of hormone cortisol, also the editor set firstborn humans to an example to bolster this conclusion. However these do not compose a logical argument, in favor of it's conclusion, and fail to provide convincing support making this argument reasonable and invulnerable.

First, the as for the survey that article cites, a study of eighteen rhesus monkeys do not necessarily reflect the whole stituation of rhesus all over the world. For example, maybe these eighteen were all born at same place, but the rhesus born in other places maybe the different, Moreover, eighteen rhesus is a too small sample of survey, even if the rhesus all over the world are same can not reflect the whole stituation, even average stituation, if there is large group of rhesus in this area, and eighteen number could be rhesus which all have some disease, then it will have no reference values. In short, without better evidence that the survey is statistically reliable, the author cannot rely on it to draw any firm conclusions. (调查错误)

Secondly, the editor's recommendation relies on what might be a poor anology that humans and rhesus are the same things. However it is entirely possible that humans have a lots of different with rhesus, maybe the humans naturelly have high hormone cortisol, and it clould be a mistake to regard the have high hormone cortisol only when they meet some stimulating, also the hormone cortisol of rhesus and hormone cortisol of humans cloud be the different things, but only the name is same. In short, without accounting for such possible differences between rhesus and humans, the editor can not prove that humans have same high hormone cortisol as rhesus when stimulated.(比较错误)

Thirdly, the editor fails to establish the causal realtionship between first-time mother monkeys had higher levels of cortisol than who had serveral offspring and stimulating. the editor try to conclude that because first-time mother have higher levels of cortisol, so the infant monkey have higher hormone conrtisol, Maybe there is another reason, maybe the infant monkey have higher hormone only because the fathor of monkey have the higher hormone conrtisol. Lacking evidence
liking first-time mother monkeys had higher levels of cortisol and stimulating, it is preposterous to suggest that first-time mother have higher cortisol was responsible for stimulating.(因果关系)

To sum up, the editor fails to substantiate his claim that a recent study of eighteen rhesus monkeys provides clues as to the effects of birth order on an individual's levels of stimulation, because the evidence cited does not lend strong support to what editor maintains. To make the conclusion more convincing, the author would have to provide more information with regard to add more number of rhesus in the survey and provide more evidence about humans.
