In this argument, the arguer try to conclude that opening a franchise in the town of Plainsville should be very successful and tend to be most profitable. To bolster this conclusion, the arguer indicates that Plainsville is the areas where residents lead healthy lives: running shoes and exercise clothing are at all-time highs. the local health club has more members than ever... Further more the schoolchildren are required to participate in a fitness-for-life program. However, all theses evidence do not compose a logical argument, in favour it's conclusion, and fail to provide more convincing support making this argument reasonable and invulnerable.

First, a threshold problem is that definition of sales of running of shoes and exercise clothing are at all-time highs. the arguer fail to define this critical term. the exercise clothing and shoes are at all-time high does not mean people here are more concern about health. Maybe there is just because the exercise clothing and shoes are more high of quality, and people live here more like to enjoy high quality things. Or maybe the exercise clothing and shoes especially some brand is
more and more popular, so people are more likely to buy it because it's brand, either those two stituation could be true. In short, without the clear definition of all-time high sales of exercise clothing and shoes, it is impossible to assesss the strength of the arguemnt. (偷换概念)

Secondly, the autor fails to establish the assumption that schoolchildren are required to participate in a fitness-for-life program are the potential customer of chain store. children are required to participate the program does not mean they love this program, maybe they .....
Lacking evidence of linking ...., to they love and they ....it is preposterous to suggest that A was responsible for B. (因果关系)

Thirdly, the arguer's conclusion that Nature's Way franchises tend to be most profitable is unwarrented.
Profit is a factor realting to not only revenue, but also cost. s..............

It’s entirely possible that the cost of A or other costs associated with B, C will offset, even outweigh the revenue. 

